[Music]
I'm the governor of this district but
you just think of me as gold
[Music]
to our country excuse me what's my job
this is Salima she's going to live with
you Salima is what's known around here
is a sleeping dictionary we expect you
to know the language within six months
there's nothing like bed for learning a
language poor girl she was just picked I
pick you know I'm sorry No
maybe she can stay as as doing just a
dictionary if she doesn't mind those
sleeping with you I'm sure she'll
survive have a stupid woman
I won't did I get married it's worked
for centuries there's no reason why you
should be different perhaps we could
have another try if you're willing to
reemployment at is neck bone hips you
teaching English teaching is not quite
the education my father had in mine I
want to stay with you forever
probably you can't seriously believe
that a primitive head Huntress and an
English officer could experience love
there's a way of doing things and if you
change it's our little world falls apart
so be warned I won't let that wreck
another generation
he just needs it at the time it's
tomorrow but they'll kill me if they see
us together
I'd rather have you than a country or a
language or history
[Music]